# Reflection

Building this whole application was a lot of fun and much easier than I expected, I think largely due to a lot of the set up for the server and interaction between the front end and back end being given by the template code and guidance in the project description, and also the use of AI tooling. I am very pleased with the outcome of the project, especially with the visual design and user interaction. 

## Improvements
At the beginning I did not define my concepts very well, but through the use of the context prompting and interation on my concepts I am happy with the place they are at. In the future, I would focus more on making the concepts have state and making sure that they are truly modular.

## AI Tooling
Through this project, I learned out to effectively use AI tooling for coding. I learned the importance of small iterative steps when prompting. AI coding is very powerful and impressive at this state, but if you givt it too big of a task, it can go off the rails and take liberties with the task description. This would happen when I was too vague with the prompting or when I tried to do too much at once. For the front end,I found it most effective when I could precisely describe the layout of one element or user interaction, and then iteratively build and fix upon that. For the back end, a lot of the heavy lifting was done throught writing the concepts, so the concepts to code generation was pretty straight forward. I still feel like I should develop more front end skills. Most of my front end code was vibe coded and I think the code could be improved with more modularity in the code itself. I used the context tool for improving my concepts mainly.

## Role of LLMs in Software Development
I think LLM makes software developement much more efficient, but places increasing responsibility on the developer for cleanliness of code. Although the LLM very easily is able to get a working prototype, it is unable to see the full context of the code in the repo. Often times it may rewrite a function that has been written already. I think a worry would be creating too much code at once and it being unmaintainable in the long run. For this reason, I think it is still important to have a good sense of how to write clean, modular, resuable, readable code and make must code written by LLM follows these principles. Additionally, with the emergence of LLM coding, I think good design and user interaction will become increasingly more important for differentiating applications. From being visually pleasing to low latency during usage, as the new tooling increases what each developer is able to achieve, these aspects will become increasingly more important.